# Crypto-Pro
The new all in one crypto suite integrated social platform and the all new GTA styled game Crypto Heist! Including  the largest collection of Bitcoin puzzle solving tools and scripts ever made available to the masses. Now anyone can easily solve even the most complex Bitcoin puzzle easily using these methods and tools with New features added daily. Featuring 3 upgraded and optimised brute force scanners that anyone can use at the click of a button as well as over 1100 scripts and tools created using the most trusted algorythms and puzzle solving techniques, live code and brfoadcasting studio, advanced ai integration and newly created revolutionary logic and tools allright at youre fingertips ready to use at the simple click of a button there is No crypto knowledge or code writing skills required. With its own ai driven core knowledge bank as it brain the fully integrated ai assistant provides not only expert analysis and elite code editing and problem solving abilities but with its continous adaptive learning capabilites it also learns every single day and uses that to aid in your searches and methods. as noted previous the entire app is fully integrated together literally giving you a full social community and platform of other puzzle solving enthusiats you can connect with to create pools to solve puzzles faster and squads to join through our newly created grand theft auto inspired  game cypto heist. where you complete missions, gain valuable knowlege get cool upgrades and full in game social and gaming community interaction with live streaming and monetization abilities the entire platform is truly one of a kind and with little to no rules in game you choose to be good or bad or a little of both in order to rise and take your claim as the most elite crypto hacker in the world. u can literally save babies from burning buildings and grow ur portfolio or cruise around fist fighting random strangers and hacking exchanges for billions. with 3 real blockchains scattewred across each city you can literally go in and use every blockchain feature a blockchain has to help you learn and use to solve real puzzles as it is a real fully accesible explorer. or u can use ur hacking skills or other skills to rob the place or blow it up. ur choice. can chat with and even see ur friends and neighbors in game and communicate at all times. move next door to anyone on the  game or steal their car. Anything and everything can be bought sold or stolen if you desire. New gameplay content added often and contributers and suggestions always welcomed. All created and run by me. looking for investors or sponsors to get involved. plan on initial app launch soon. with the upgraded scanners and never before seen and newly created logic this platform has cut the time to solve any puzzle from the bitcoin challenge in under a year by anyone without even doing anything but running the scanners nonstop. was able to derive a pub key in 30 minutes even though it had no outgoing txs and hadnt been cracked in 10 years. has solved 1 piuzzle and one lost wallet already. with the combination of the most extensive puzzle database as the ai brain at its core and the newly created problem solving logic and algorytms combined with the extenive collection of specialized tools and scripts this app is going to not only revolutionize puzzle solving but also has the ability to easily aquire keys to historical lost wallets making the potential for massive financial gains absolutely astounding and obtainable and makes the sounds of others saying quantum computers are needed quite laughable. My created methods and tools are already proven and are going to be a total game changer once fully released. since i am doing this solo and have not done a launch of this magnitude and potential gains before help from the community is crucial. i have invesrment pkgs and sponsorships available. Also accespting donations to help push this forwaed faster. you do not have thee right or permission to use this code or reproduce this code or any of the contents for anything other than gameplay puzzle solving, crypto learning or social media interactions including monetizing thru live streaming (available on platform thru twitch) without my written permission. serious inquiries can email me at gordoncammack@gmail.com or thru my business line at 325-312-1980. this edition currentlyt has a few bugs and small erros depending on system used but are minor and being correctewd as we speak. this is my very first public showing and i welcome any and all input for deveelopment and financial investment croudfunding as well as potential partners. i hope you enjoy. more to come!!!
